.. include:: /common/global.rst

2016 Release notes - |acquia-product:lpm|
==========================================

Looking for the latest and greatest new features and changes to
|acquia-product:lpm|? Read on and check back regularly to see
what else we’ve done.


|acquia-product:lpm| 1.40
--------------------------------

*13 December 2016* 

This release of the |acquia-product:lpm| product contains several modifications 
that will not impact users' experiences with the product. 

|acquia-product:lpm| 1.39
--------------------------------

*7 December 2016* 

The |acquia-product:lpm| product contains the following updates: 

Change
~~~~~~~~~

 - The **Manage containers** page has been renamed to **Manage JavaScript**. (CH-5504)

Fixed issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- The ability to manage JavaScript was incorrectly removed from the |acquia-product:lpm| interface. (CH-5504)
- The **Person Details** page in |acquia-product:lpm| displayed duplicate **Last Error** and **Last Error Date** fields. (CH-5488) 

|acquia-product:lpm| 1.38
--------------------------------

*22 November 2016* 

The |acquia-product:lpm| product contains the following update: 

Change
~~~~~~~~~~~

- For clarity, the **Configuration Data** link on the **Admin > Manage configuration data** webpage was changed to **Customer sites**. (CH-5378) 

|acquia-product:lpm|
--------------------------------

*8 November 2016* 

The |acquia-product:lpm| product contains the following updates: 

.. note::  The [acquia-product:alw] product has been renamed to |acquia-product:lpm|, and is a part of [acquia-product:cha], along with [acquia-product:leb] and [acquia-product:ch].

Changes
~~~~~~~~~~

- Users already signed in to |acquia-product:lpm| are now also signed in to [acquia-product:leb] (and vice versa) using a temporary token cookie. (CH-5391)
- The |acquia-product:lpm| administrative interface (previously [acquia-product:alw]) has been updated with its new name. (CH-5379) 
- The latitude and longitude **Touch fields** were changed to use a `float` data type. (CH-5335)

Fixed issue
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

- Some custom-defined fields did not properly respect case-insensitivity. (CH-5410)