.. include:: /common/global.rst

Reporting diagnostic and usage information
==========================================

Acquia would like your help improving the quality and performance of its
products and services. You can help Acquia improve Dev Desktop by
choosing to send Acquia anonymous diagnostic and usage data. You can opt
in or out of sending diagnostic and usage data when you install
|acquia-product:add|, or after installation in the **Preferences >
General** tab.

|Settings - General|

If **Help us improve...** is checked, |acquia-product:add|
automatically, securely, and anonymously sends usage data to Acquia.
This data includes information such as what feature was used, when it
was used, and if any errors were received. Using the data sent, Acquia
can see how |acquia-product:add| is being used, and make informed
decisions as to where to invest in |acquia-product:add| in the future.
It does not send any personal or site information.

For example, if **Help us improve...** is checked, |acquia-product:add|
securely sends when someone starts and stops Dev Desktop, creates a
site, changes preferences, clones |acquia-product:ac| sites, creates new
sites, or pushes code. However, Dev Desktop never sends any site
information such as your site's URL, domain, code, files, or database.
So, if you use |acquia-product:add| to view or clone a site, Dev Desktop
securely sends that an unknown site was viewed or cloned, but never
sends any data about the site, or any personally identifiable
information, such as your email address.

.. _manual:

Manually sending information to Acquia
--------------------------------------

You can report to Acquia any issues you encounter while using
|acquia-product:add|. In the application menu, select **Help > Report an
issue**. If possible, enable **verbose logging** and reproduce the issue
before you send your report. Please provide as much information as you
can about what you were doing and what you saw when you encountered the
problem.

|Report an issue|

In addition to the information you provide in the form, **Report an
issue** sends logs and configuration information to Acquia to help us
diagnose the issue. This information includes basic site details such as
URLs, so we can help debug issues you may have with a particular site.
You can see what information is collected by running the ``diag`` app
(found in the folder where you installed Dev Desktop) and inspecting the
resulting ``acquia_dd_diag.zip`` file. This, together with the form you
fill out with your name and email address (so that if we have follow up
questions, we can contact you), is the only information sent to Acquia
when you select **Help > Report an issue**.

.. _privacy:

Privacy policy
--------------

To learn more, see:

-  `Acquia's privacy
   policy <http://www.acquia.com/about-us/legal/privacy-policy>`__.
-  The |acquia-product:add| license agreement, which is the
   ``MasterLicense.txt`` file in the |acquia-product:add| installation
   folder.

.. |Settings - General| image:: https://cdn3.webdamdb.com/1280_ElAxiJ1dMD64.png?-62169955200
   :width: 590px
   :height: 423px
.. |Report an issue| image:: https://cdn3.webdamdb.com/1280_QpeifohTnE23.png?-62169955200
   :width: 590px
   :height: 96px
