.. include:: /common/global.rst

Understanding your roles and available actions
==============================================

Any actions you take with the |acquia-product:ui| are limited by the
`teams, roles, and permissions </acquia-cloud/teams>`__ system. In some
cases, if you don't have the permission to take an action, the interface
control is present, but disabled. In other cases (for example, the
Subscriptions page if you are not the *Owner* or *Administrator* of the
subscription), the control or page is not displayed at all.

If there is an action you want to take, but can't, you can check your
roles and permissions in the **Manage** page of the |acquia-product:ui|.
On that page, you can also find the names of the *Owner* or
*Administrator* of each organization of which you are a member, as well
as the names of all the teams and the team leads. Depending on what you
are trying to accomplish, you can contact the *Owner*, *Administrator*,
or *Team lead* and ask whether you can be given the role you need, or
whether another team member can accomplish the task.

Click **Manage** in the top menu. The **My Organizations** page displays
every organization in which you have a role. Each organization is
displayed on a separate card, which lists the organization *Owner* and
each *Administrator* for the organization.

|View all your organizations|

Look at the card for the organization you want to work on. The card
lists each team that you are a member of and that is assigned to that
organization. It also lists what role you have for each team. For more
detailed information, click **Manage** to display the **Team
management** page.

|The card for an organization|

.. |View all your organizations| image:: https://cdn4.webdamdb.com/1280_fKDmE7MoWw51.png?1526475543
   :width: 748px
   :height: 417px
.. |The card for an organization| image:: https://cdn3.webdamdb.com/md_g6FlCLMNagk3.png?1526476180
   :width: 318px
   :height: 529px
