.. include:: /common/global.rst

2017 Release notes - |acquia-product:edg|
==========================================

.. toctree::
   :hidden:
   :glob:

   /site-factory/release-notes/*

Looking for the latest and greatest new features and changes to 
`Acquia Cloud Site Factory </products-services/acquia-cloud-site-factory>`__?
Read on and check back regularly to see what else we’ve done.

.. container:: message-status
   
   Be sure to install and enable the latest version of the |Connector|_ module.

.. |Connector| replace:: \ |acquia-product:edg|\  Connector
.. _Connector: https://drupal.org/project/acsf

.. |sfi| replace:: \ |acquia-product:sfi|\ 
.. _sfi: /site-factory/extend/api



Acquia Cloud Site Factory 2.69.1
--------------------------------

*20 December 2017*

This hotfix release of |acquia-product:edg| contains the following
update:

Fixed issue
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  Attempts to manually backup websites failed due to out-of-memory
   errors.

Acquia Cloud Site Factory 2.69
--------------------------------

*15 December 2017*

This release of |acquia-product:edg| is scheduled for release on
December 15, 2017. It contains the following updates:

Changes
~~~~~~~

-  Website-specific Drush tasks are now visible in the task log.
-  Website data synchronization tasks involving deleted websites now
   complete with a ``WARN`` `status </site-factory/monitor/tasklog/settings>`__ 
   instead of failing.

Fixed issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  Adding an invalid domain that was a substring of a valid domain
   caused errors to display on all pages.
-  Some code deploys failed if the codebase contained symbolic links to
   a directory.
-  When attempting to deploy a different major version of Drupal than
   expected, |acquia-product:edg| did not display error messages that
   described why the deployment failed.

Acquia Cloud Site Factory 2.68
--------------------------------

*29 November 2017*

This release of |acquia-product:edg| is scheduled for release on
November 29, 2017. It contains the following updates:

Change
~~~~~~~

-  The |acquia-product:edg| Connector module was updated to revise its
   included scripts and files by removing outdated references.

Fixed issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  Attempting the following actions in |acquia-product:edg| did not
   clear both Twig and the theme caches for all servers in a
   subscription:

   -  Drupal cache clears
   -  Varnish domain flushes
   -  theme changes

-  When a website was duplicated across sitegroups, connections to
   search cores would fail.
-  When attempting to stage a website, an optional failed check for
   install profiles could cause the staging process to fail.
-  For some customers, uploading a theme that contained PHP files would
   fail.
-  Drupal 8 website installations would fail if stale installation data
   was cached during the install process.
-  Email notifications for website duplication failures did not contain
   a link to the relevant log files.

Acquia Cloud Site Factory 2.67
--------------------------------

*8 November 2017*

This release of |acquia-product:edg| is scheduled for release on
November 8, 2017. It contains the following updates:

Changes
~~~~~~~

-  The `List sites <https://www.demo.acquia-cc.com/api/v1#List-sites>`__
   and 
   `Site details <https://www.demo.acquia-cc.com/api/v1#Site-details>`__ REST
   API endpoints now return the stack ID of the website.
-  Theme updates are now executed more quickly for customers with
   multiple servers.
-  Several security improvements were implemented for
   |acquia-product:edg|.

Fixed issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  When performing simultaneous theme merges on websites in different
   stacks, the websites received incorrect theme files.
-  When users deleted websites using the REST API, the websites remained
   in their site collections.
-  Duplicating and staging websites failed due to broken symlinks if the
   ``theme_repo`` directory was missing.
-  When a website installation failed, |acquia-product:edg| did not
   allow the website's name and domain to be reused.

Acquia Cloud Site Factory 2.66.1
--------------------------------

*18 October 2017*

This release of |acquia-product:edg| is scheduled for release on October
18, 2017. It contains the following updates:

Fixed issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  Refreshing a theme caused |acquia-product:edg| to rebuild the
   symbolic link to the theme. (DG-18106)
-  |acquia-product:edg| did not remove temporary copies of code
   repositories after releases. (DG-18090)


Acquia Cloud Site Factory 2.66
--------------------------------

*11 October 2017*

This release of |acquia-product:edg| is scheduled for release on October
11, 2017. It contains the following updates:

Changes
~~~~~~~

-  You can now assign a domain name to an |acquia-product:edg| website
   before the domain name is pointed to Acquia's servers. (DG-15242)
-  The Audit logs now track website staging tasks. (DG-17305)
-  Task processing steps now have time limits for their execution to
   prevent stuck tasks. (DG-17609)

Fixed issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  Deleting a theme from version control did not delete the symlink to
   the theme. (DG-16578)
-  For some customers, theme uploads that contained PHP files failed.
   (DG-16578)
-  Creating, duplicating, or backing up websites failed if the sitename
   contained trailing spaces. (DG-16786)
-  In some circumstances, failed staging tasks were displayed as
   successful in the user interface. (DG-17064)
-  |acquia-product:edg| did not verify if changes were deployed
   correctly for code deployments. (DG-17836)

Acquia Cloud Site Factory 2.65
--------------------------------

*20 September 2017*

This release of |acquia-product:edg| is scheduled for release on
September 20, 2017. It contains the following updates:

Feature
~~~~~~~

-  **Delete websites with the REST API** |br|
   The Site Factory API has been updated to include an site deletion
   `endpoint <https://www.demo.acquia-cc.com/api/v1#Site-delete>`__
   ``DELETE /api/v1/sites/{site_id}``, which allows you to delete
   websites using the command line.

Change
~~~~~~~

-  |acquia-product:edg| now updates the 
   `audit log </site-factory/monitor/auditlog>`__ whenever site collections are
   deleted. (DG-17194)

Fixed issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  Some file system tasks failed but did not terminate properly.
   (DG-17780)
-  Website backup attempts failed if the currently deployed Git branch
   or tag contained a parenthesis ( ``(`` or ``)`` ) in the name.
   (DG-16492)

Acquia Cloud Site Factory 2.64.2
--------------------------------

*31 August 2017*

This hotfix release of |acquia-product:edg| contains the following
update:

Fixed issue
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  Code deploys using parentless Git tags failed to generate the correct
   checksum. (DG-17842)


Acquia Cloud Site Factory 2.64.1
--------------------------------

*31 August 2017*

This hotfix release of |acquia-product:edg| contains the following
update:

Fixed issue
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  Code deploys using Git tags failed to generate the correct checksum.
   (DG-17831, DG-17834)

Acquia Cloud Site Factory 2.64
--------------------------------

*25 August 2017*

This release of |acquia-product:edg| is scheduled for release on August
25, 2017. It contains the following updates:

Change
~~~~~~~

-  The ``db-update`` hook now accepts arguments from the user interface,
   allowing you to customize the code that is executed during database
   updates.

Fixed issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  Attempting to stage websites would fail for certain versions of PHP.
   (DG-17612, DG-17611)
-  Temporary directories needed during the website staging process were
   not removed when they were no longer needed. (DG-17348)

Acquia Cloud Site Factory 2.63
--------------------------------

*9 August 2017*

This release of |acquia-product:edg| is scheduled for release on August
9, 2017. It contains the following updates:

Feature
~~~~~~~

-  **Execute custom code before and after database updates** |br|
   The new ``db-update`` hook allows you to override the behavior of
   ``drush updatedb`` by injecting custom scripts before and after the
   command is executed on your websites. 
   `Learn more </site-factory/extend/hooks/dbupdate>`__.

Change
~~~~~~~

-  SVG files are now included in ``fast_404`` settings by default in
   Drupal 7. (DG-16922)

Fixed issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  Users with the roles *site builder*, *release engineer* or
   *developer* could not view their own API keys. (DG-16562)
-  When attempting to view a task's log entries, |acquia-product:edg|
   did not display some lines in the task logs. (DG-17665)

Acquia Cloud Site Factory 2.62
--------------------------------

*19 July 2017*

This release of |acquia-product:edg| is scheduled for release on July
19, 2017. It contains the following updates:

Feature
~~~~~~~

-  **More flexibility in website backup options** |br|
   Back up or restore individual site components (database, public
   files, private files, themes, codebase) or full websites through the
   |acquia-product:edg| user interface or API. 
   `Learn more </site-factory/manage/website/backup>`__.

Change
~~~~~~~

-  |acquia-product:edg| now logs only user-understandable log messages
   for website installations, duplications, and updates. (DG-17542)

Fixed issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  Attempting to install Drupal 8-based websites that included read-only
   ``settings.php`` files failed. (DG-15926)
-  Drupal's core ``.gitignore`` file prevented files required by
   |acquia-product:edg| from being committed. (DG-17153, DG-16104)
-  Users could not duplicate websites in which the ``acsf_duplication``
   module was disabled. (DG-16278)

Acquia Cloud Site Factory 2.60
--------------------------------

*7 June 2017*

This release of |acquia-product:edg| is scheduled for release on June 7,
2017. It contains the following updates:

Features
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  **Improved security for your hosted websites** |br|
   The security settings for |acquia-product:edg| now include the
   ability to sign users out of websites after a configurable period of
   inactivity.
-  **Programmatic access to clear website caches** |br|
   The Site Factory API now includes a new endpoint for `clearing a
   website's Drupal and Varnish
   caches <https://www.demo.acquia-cc.com/api/v1#Clear-a-site's-caches>`__.
-  **Better control of site collections with the REST API** |br|
   The Site Factory API includes the following new endpoints to help you
   manage your site collections:

   -  `Add a website to a site
      collection <https://www.demo.acquia-cc.com/api/v1#Add-site(s)-to-a-site-collection>`__
   -  `Remove a website from a site
      collection <https://www.demo.acquia-cc.com/api/v1#Remove-site(s)-from-a-site-collection>`__
   -  `Make a website primary in a site
      collection <https://www.demo.acquia-cc.com/api/v1#Set-the-primary-site-of-a-site-collection>`__

Changes
~~~~~~~

-  |acquia-product:edg| now displays the currently installed
   |acquia-product:edg| version on both the **Factory Administration**
   webpage and in the |sf-info|_ 
   Site Factory API command. (DG-16817)
-  When staging websites, the staging task ID is now provided as a
   dedicated field when using the Site Factory API. (DG-16923)
-  When removing a website from a site collection, the audit entry for
   the action now includes the full website list from before and after
   the action, and not only the website being removed. (DG-16982)
-  The Site Factory API calls no longer accept site collection names
   with spaces. (DG-17180)

.. |sf-info| replace:: ``/api/v1/sf-info``
.. _sf-info: https://www.demo.acquia-cc.com/api/v1#Get-the-version-of-the-Site-Factory

Fixed issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  Users transferring ownership of a website to a different account were
   redirected back to the previous webpage instead of to a webpage that
   described how to complete the process. (DG-16518)
-  On the **Sign up for a new account** webpage, the **Password** field
   description label overlaid the password entry field. (DG-16522)
-  In some circumstances, the Site Factory API documentation returned an
   incorrect or incomplete list of endpoints. (DG-16716)
-  Attempting to stage websites with previously deleted website names
   would fail silently. (DG-16923)
-  Users with the *site builder* role could use the **Add Site** webpage
   to remove websites to which they did not have access. (DG-16982)
-  Using an incorrect path when attempting to remove a website from a
   site collection failed without displaying an error message.
   (DG-16982)
-  When using SAML, attempting to sign in from a non-standard
   |acquia-product:edg| domain name displayed an error message.
   (DG-17261)
-  In some circumstances, when staging websites associated with multiple
   server clusters, |acquia-product:edg| displayed an incorrect default
   installation location setting. (DG-17267)
-  Backing up a website with insufficient disk space to store the backup
   created an invalid backup file instead of generating an error.
   (DG-17285)

Acquia Cloud Site Factory 2.59
--------------------------------

*25 April 2017*

This release of |acquia-product:edg| is scheduled for release on April
25, 2017. It contains the following updates:

Feature
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  **Manage your site collections programmatically with the Site Factory REST API** |br|
   The `Site Factory REST API </site-factory/extend/api>`__ now includes
   POST and DELETE methods for ``/api/v1/collections`` calls, which
   allows you to create and delete site collections, respectively.
   Create - 
   `Learn more <https://www.demo.acquia-cc.com/api/v1#Create-a-site-collection>`__.
   Delete - 
   `Learn more <https://www.demo.acquia-cc.com/api/v1#Delete-a-site-collection>`__.

Changes
~~~~~~~

-  The following included software was updated:

   -  Updated SimpleSAMLphp to version 1.14.12

-  You can now backup larger websites, as |acquia-product:edg| no longer
   has a 5GB file size restriction for backup files. (DG-16249)

Fixed issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  For customers with more than one server cluster, in certain
   circumstances, attempting to stage websites would fail. (DG-17152)
-  If an attempt to duplicate a website failed for any reason,
   |acquia-product:edg| would not let allow the sitename from the
   previous duplication failure to be used with a new website
   duplication attempt. (DG-16841)
-  For customers using Elastic Load Balancers, whenever admins would
   modify domains for their websites, those tasks would be marked as
   errors, even if they completed successfully. (DG-16614)
-  If a release process was manually terminated, common administrative
   functions that are normally disabled during the release would
   indefinitely remain unavailable for use (such as website creation).
   (DG-15537)

Acquia Cloud Site Factory 2.58
--------------------------------

*4 April 2017*

This release of |acquia-product:edg| is scheduled for release on April
4, 2017. It contains the following updates:

Changes
~~~~~~~

-  To help you learn more about any issues that may be encountered
   during website duplication attempts, |acquia-product:edg| now
   includes more-readable logs for website duplication tasks. (DG-16486)
-  The Site Factory REST API now contains two new endpoints that allow
   you to obtain information about site collections. List site
   collections - 
   `Learn more <https://www.demo.acquia-cc.com/api/v1#List-site-collections>`__.
   Details - 
   `Learn more <https://www.demo.acquia-cc.com/api/v1#Site-collection-details>`__.
   (DG-16980)

Fixed issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  On the Sites page, clicking the **Clear** button would not clear the
   selected **Factory stack** and **Has customer domains** filter
   options. (DG-16787)
-  Custom Drush commands would not work with Drush 7 or Drush 8.
   (DG-16808)
-  During website deployments, the **Pause** button would not stop the
   deployment, even though the button indicated that the pause had
   worked. (DG-16837)
-  Attempting to use the Site Factory REST API to install a website
   would fail when using an integer for the site group ID. (DG-16949)
-  The dynamic requests on the Subscription Usage page displayed
   incorrect dates when the timezone was set to GMT-x. (DG-16957)

Acquia Cloud Site Factory 2.57
--------------------------------

*14 March 2017*

This release of |acquia-product:edg| is scheduled for release on March
14, 2017. It contains the following updates:

Features
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  **Learn more about dynamic webpage requests** |br|
   The Site Factory REST API now includes additional methods that you
   can use to obtain information about your visitors' domain requests,
   both by domain (``GET /api/v1/dynamic-requests/monthly/domains``) and
   overall (``GET /api/v1/dynamic-requests/monthly``).
-  | Centrally manage all of your users' roles — even for Drupal 8!
   | |acquia-product:edg| now provides better user management for all of
     your websites by allowing you to use centralized role management
     for your Drupal 7 *and* Drupal 8 websites. This also includes
     sending name and email address changes from the Factory to your
     websites.

   .. note::  Single sign-on for Drupal 8 now requires the following module versions:

      -  SAML Authentication version 8.x-2.0-alpha1 or greater
      -  |acquia-product:edg| Connector version 8.x-1.35 or greater

Fixed issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  The |acquia-product:edg| cron service would occasionally handle
   normal failures badly, which could prevent some scheduled cron jobs
   from executing. (DG-15634)
-  Occasionally, cloned repositories that were created during staging
   and code release were not deleted, which wasted available disk space.
   (DG-16798)
-  In some situations, website staging would fail during the
   synchronization portion of the staging process. (DG-16875)
-  When using Drush 8.1.9, the staging process for websites would fail.
   To resolve this issue, be sure to update your websites'
   |Connector|_ module to version
   1.35 or greater. (DG-16804, DG-16863)

Acquia Cloud Site Factory 2.56
--------------------------------

*21 February 2017*

This release of |acquia-product:edg| is scheduled for release on
February 21, 2017. It contains the following updates:

Resolved security alerts
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  `OAuth - Less Critical - Access Bypass -
   SA-CONTRIB-2017-006 <https://www.drupal.org/node/2846787>`__
-  `201612-01 - Incorrect signature
   verification <https://simplesamlphp.org/security/201612-01>`__

Change
~~~~~~~

-  Updated theme handling for better performance and error handling.
   (DG-16827)

Fixed issue
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  Deploying code to websites cause extended downtime for some websites.
   (DG-16378, DG-16756)

Acquia Cloud Site Factory 2.55
--------------------------------

*31 January 2017*

This release of |acquia-product:edg| is scheduled for release on January
31, 2017. It contains the following update:

Change
~~~~~~~

-  The Audit Log now includes the results of the following actions:
   (DG-16430)

   -  Downloading a backup
   -  Obtaining the URL for a backup
   -  Deleting a backup

Acquia Cloud Site Factory 2.54
--------------------------------

*17 January 2017*

This release of |acquia-product:edg| is scheduled for release on January
17, 2017. It contains the following update:

Change
~~~~~~~

-  If issues are encountered during a website's creation, the log
   messages that |acquia-product:edg| displays in the **Work Log** tab
   now better indicate the actions that a user can take to resolve the
   issues. (DG-16409)

