.. include:: /common/global.rst

2016 Release notes - |acquia-product:leb| client
=======================================================

Looking for the latest and greatest new features and changes to the
`|acquia-product:leb| <https://www.acquia.com/products-services/website-personalization>`__
clients? Read on and check back regularly to see what else we’ve done.

[acquia-product:alt] module 8.x-3.2
-------------------------------------------

*8 December 2016*

This |acquia-product:cha| module release for Drupal 8
(`download <https://www.drupal.org/project/acquia_lift/releases/8.x-3.2>`__)
contains the following updates:

.. note::  Although you do not need to run ``update.php`` after you upgrade to this release, be sure to clear your Drupal website's cache after upgrading.

Feature
~~~~~~~~~~

-  **More easily access the Experience Builder sidebar**
   Instead of having to set up a browser bookmark on any website that
   you want to use to manage your website personalizations, you can now
   click **Acquia Lift** in your website's admin menu to display the
   |acquia-product:leb| sidebar. 
   `Learn more </lift/exp-builder/access>`__.

[acquia-product:alt] module 8.x-3.1
-------------------------------------------

*18 November 2016*

This |acquia-product:cha| module release for Drupal 8
(`download <https://www.drupal.org/project/acquia_lift/releases/8.x-3.1>`__)
contains the following updates:

.. note::  Although you do not need to run ``update.php`` after you upgrade to this release, be sure to clear your Drupal website's cache after upgrading.

Changes
~~~~~~~~~~

-  The thumbnail URL feature was removed from the client module.
-  The polyfill mechanism was updated in unit tests to make them more
   stable.

Fixed issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  Drupal 8 validation did not allow for a site\_id made up of more than
   alphanumeric characters. (LEX-1505)
-  The client did not properly map or send Identity or Identity Type
   information to the Profile Manager. (LEX-1558)
-  Occasionally, the client logged warning messages that related to
   ``Invalid argument supplied`` for ``array_merge()`` and
   ``foreach()``. (LEX-1532)
