.. include:: /common/global.rst

Publishing your application
===========================

When you publish your application, especially a new one, you should
consider several issues. Since every application is unique, the details
vary from project to project.

This documentation page includes a list of common issues that you should
evaluate. Use it as a starting point to discover other tasks that might
be necessary for your application. The exact location of these settings
varies depending on the version of Drupal you are running. In the
following examples, the locations given are for Drupal 7.

Performance
-----------

-  Enable caching, CSS, and Javascript aggregation on the
   **Configuration > Performance** page.
-  Disable modules that you do not need when your website goes live
   (such as Devel and Views UI) on the **Modules** page.
-  Review the other performance considerations in `Improving application
   performance </acquia-cloud/performance>`__.

.. _visitor:

Visitor interaction
-------------------

-  Protect all visitor-accessible forms against spam and attacks.

   -  Determine if you have enabled an anti-spam solution, such as
      CAPTCHA.
   -  Ensure that all visitor-accessible forms are protected.

-  Examine the application-wide email address and the other information
   on the **Configuration > Site information** page.
-  Evaluate the contact form settings on the **Structure > Contact
   form** page.
-  Review all email addresses and messages generated by other modules
   (for example, Webform and Rules).

.. _web:

Web interaction
---------------

-  Examine the domain redirect options in the ``.htaccess`` file. Ensure
   that URLs beginning with ``www`` are redirected to URLs without (or
   vice versa).
-  Make the necessary changes for external web services (such as
   Twitter, Google Apps, Adsense, and New Relic) to work in your
   Production environment.

   -  Update API keys.
   -  Examine the Google analytics configuration.

Security
--------

-  Review the **Reports > Status report** page for any needed version
   updates for Drupal Core and your contributed modules.
-  Review **Reports > Recent log messages** for errors and warnings.
-  Ensure that the minimum possible number of website users have
   administrative privileges.
-  Be certain that error messages are not being displayed to visitors by
   setting **Error messages to display** to **None** on the
   **Configuration > Development > Logging and errors** page.
-  On the **People > Permissions** page, examine the permissions granted
   to anonymous and authenticated users. Make them as restrictive as
   possible, while still allowing your website to function.
-  Review the user registration and cancellation settings on the
   **Configuration > Account settings** page.
-  Visit your website as an anonymous user (sign out and then browse
   your website). Ensure that anonymous visitors can see and do only
   what they are supposed to be able to on your website. If necessary,
   correct the permissions on the **People > Permissions** page.

.. _qa:

Quality Assurance
-----------------

-  Delete placeholder and test content, including test users and files.
-  Examine the spelling and grammar of your content.
-  Use a link checking tool to examine your website for broken links,
   such as the `W3 validator <http://validator.w3.org/checklink>`__.
-  Verify that search is working as expected.
-  Go to **Reports > Recent log messages** to review any errors and
   warnings about missing files and URLs.
