.. include:: /common/global.rst

Configuring two-factor authentication for your |acquia-product:edg| account
===========================================================================

.. note::  

   This page describes how to sign in to the |acquia-product:sfi| or any of 
   your websites that use OpenID accounts with two-factor authentication. 
   For information about how to enable two-factor authentication for all 
   users, see 
   `Modifying your security settings </site-factory/users/security>`__.

Two-factor authentication (sometimes called *two-step verification*) is
more secure than password authentication alone. With two-factor
authentication enabled, a user signing in to either the
|acquia-product:sfi| or any of your websites that use OpenID accounts
must supply not just an email address and password, but also a code sent
to a trusted device using an authentication application.


Setting up two-factor authentication
------------------------------------

After two-factor authentication is required for accounts, if you have
not yet configured two-factor authentication for your own account, you
will be required to do so the next time you sign in.

.. note::  

   Even if two-factor authentication is not required for your account, you
   can still use two-factor authentication with your account by signing in,
   clicking your account link in the admin bar, and then clicking the
   **Security** tab.

To set up two-factor authentication for your account, complete the
following steps:

#. Sign in to either the |acquia-product:sfi| or your website account
   that uses an OpenID account.

   If required, |acquia-product:edg| will display a webpage that
   indicates that you must configure your two-factor authentication
   settings.

#. In the **TFA application** section, click the **Set up mobile
   application for code generation** link.
#. In the **Current password** field, re-enter your current account
   password, and then click **Confirm**.
#. Either install or open one of the following applications on your
   mobile device:

   -  `Google
      Authenticator <https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/1066447?hl=en>`__
      (Android/iPhone/BlackBerry)
   -  `Authy <https://www.authy.com/thefuture#install-now>`__
      (Android/iPhone)
   -  `Authenticator <http://www.windowsphone.com/en-us/store/app/authenticator/021dd79f-0598-e011-986b-78e7d1fa76f8>`__
      (Windows Phone)
   -  `FreeOTP <https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.fedorahosted.freeotp>`__
      (Android)
   -  `GAuth
      Authenticator <https://github.com/gbraad/html5-google-authenticator>`__
      (desktop)

#. Use either the **Acquia Cloud Site Factory text code** or the
   displayed QR code to add your |acquia-product:edg| account to your
   application.
#. In the **Application verification code** field, enter the code that
   is generated by the application, and then click **Verify and save**.
#. If you can be sure that you are the only user who is signing in to
   your account from your computer, you can mark the current browser as
   *trusted* and not require two-factor authentication from that
   specific browser for 30 days. Depending on your requirements, either
   select or clear the **Trust this browser?** check box.
#. If you selected the **Trust this browser?** check box, in the **Name
   this browser** field, enter a descriptive name for the browser (or
   accept the default value).
#. Click **Save**.
#. Occasionally, it is possible that you need to sign in to your
   account, but you do not have your mobile device. In these cases, you
   can enter an unused recovery account to provide access instead of the
   code from the mobile device application.

   To add recovery codes to your account, click **Save**. To complete
   the two-factor authentication setup process without adding recovery
   codes, click **Skip**.

   .. note::  

      If you save recovery codes for your account, be sure to write them
      down in a secure location (which should not be your mobile device)
      for later use.

Two-factor authentication is now set up for your account on
|acquia-product:edg|. Unless you have marked your browser as trusted,
each time you sign in to your account, you will be prompted for your
authentication code along with your account name and password.
